(docs) call the input to builders, `schemes` consistently (#15)
base16-project/base16: README.md

# ![Base16](logo.png)

> An architecture for building color schemes based on carefully chosen syntax

Reviewer: I think this actually changes the meaning of this line. I've always interpreted this as "application themes" rather than "color schemes".

Author: Could it not have a double meaning here... or what about:

> An architecture for building color schemes then easily translating them to all your favorite apps - based on carefully chosen syntax

Reviewer: I like it - good call.

highlighting using a base of sixteen colors.

It allows users to choose a color scheme they know will be available for all
their applications (both GUIs and terminal applications).

> It allows color scheme designers to select a palette of 16 colors once and then instantly generate support for many different applications.

Author: Perhaps s/generate/build/?

### Scheme

> A scheme is a list of 16 colors to be used as a base to build application specific support files. To make

Author: These are the parts begging for good wording.

Reviewer 2: mb
```suggestion
A scheme is a list of 16 colors to be used as a base to build application specific config files. To make
```

Author: I purposely tried to stay away from "config" wording.

Reviewer: What about just "application specific files"?

### Scheme

> A scheme is a list of 16 colors to be used as a base to build application specific  files. To make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A scheme is a list of 16 colors to be used as a base to build application specific files. To make
```

### Template

> A template defines how a theme should be transformed to support a specific program.

Author: These are the parts begging for good wording.

### Template

A template defines how a scheme should be transformed to support a specific program.

> It is typically installed directly by end user to use different base16 schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are typically installed directly by end users to use base16 schemes in different applications.
```

> Templates often include ready-to-use pre-built versions of every scheme.  These are typically installed directly by end users to use base16 schemes in different applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Templates often include ready-to-use pre-built versions of every scheme. These are typically installed directly by end users to use base16 schemes in different applications.
```
